Grids: Add AI Column API descriptions (#8121)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxDataGrid/1 Configuration/onAIColumnRequestCreating.md

---
---
##### shortDescription
A function that is executed before an AI column request is created.

##### param(e): ui/data_grid:AIColumnRequestCreatingEvent
Information about the event.

##### field(e.additionalInfo): Object
Additional data to include in the request (such as metadata for AI endpoints).

##### field(e.cancel): Boolean
Allows you to cancel the request.

##### field(e.column): GridBaseColumn
The AI column that initiated the request.

##### field(e.component): {WidgetName}
The UI component's instance.

##### field(e.data): Array<Object>
{WidgetName} data included in the AI request.

##### field(e.element): DxElement
#include common-ref-elementparam with { element: "UI component" }

##### field(e.useCache): Boolean
Specifies whether the component uses cached results.

---

> This handler allows you to modify or cancel AI column requests. The following code snippet demonstrates how to cancel an AI column request that includes more than 100 {WidgetName} records:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This handler allows you to modify or cancel AI column requests. The following code snippet demonstrates how to cancel AI column requests that include more than 100 {WidgetName} records:
```
